So the question is why we need to use our Snapshot snapshots.
We use it for a specific reason.
For example we want to make an update to the operating system.
We want to install our specific application or we want to do some important editing at the level of
the system of this machine.
But as we know for example when you make an update to the operation system then patients attempt to
shut down and power on again or try to restart operations.
You have a neural adalah of the file system and you've lost all the data available in this virtual machine.
In this case to be in a safe mode that's mean you want to make an update but you try to avoid any problem
happen to admit your machine and lost audio data.
You take a snap shot to this virtual machine so you saved our original file that's worked perfectly
in this game DFI and start working on a new VM liquified in case you are the update or do application
or the software or for example the antivirus or any anything that you want to do is individual machine.
But you are not sure that the process will go imperfectly without any problem or an individual machine
you do it in the new VM decie file the Delta when the virtual machine completed the installation or
updates or anything that you do in your machine then bolted on perfectly and work perfectly without
any problem for example after two or three day or maybe five.
It's an illusion about your situation.
Then you see that all of that work perfectly.
And Divisoria machine work perfectly then complete using new updates by using our delayed option.
We're going to see it's when you chose to delete the snapshot all the change happen in just one copy
and save it in do our original VM Dicky and David become read and write.
And this one deleted and any changes happen right here Kopete and civies in the original VM decie.
So in this situation everything is perfect but in a model CNR you something happened to the virtual
machine and the virtual machine crashes and won't boot anymore again.
And you find some that are lost and a lot of problem happened to this virtual machine.
If you want to reinstall this virtual machine it will take you a lot of time.
Also all the data available will be lost etc..
Also we have our bad situation in this scenario.
But in the situation that is a snapshot you simply got to this virtual machine and chose to revert back
to our original version.
That's mean this video machine will disconnect to this new VM details but all the changes that will
happen here will be related and we'll start using the OTS you know VM decie without any change up into
this one.
So this virtual machine it's like back to the original time before doing snapshots.
It's like when you restore your machine you back to the original time or original date of the virtual
machine.
So it does connect to this VM Dickie Delta at the top of the problem and reconnect to this one and work
perfectly with the original VM Dicky.
And in this situation we have a save that are available for this mature machine but also you should
know that any updates happen from the user that connect with this vision machine as you are an administrator
of this virtual machine.
You want to update something to your machine but there are some user who connect to this one and do
his own job for example.
Are they in the eye of the client or is it at all when you chose Joe Reebok to do all regional V.M..
Dickie let's me and you found a problem in this update and you aren't back to the original one.
Aldo civets fondu use that in that time will be deleted.
So in this case we always recommended to boot this machine out of service in the time that you want
to make an update and you want to take a snapshot.
So the idea you put this virgin machine out of service lets me any sort of connect to this machine will
front this machine in available for a moment.
You make a snapshot you create the data and automatically then updated the software or do anything that
you want to do to dispute your machine when everything is OK.
Then you get to this machine available for the user.
And in this situation you don't last any that often do use.
And of course after that you it the snapshot you integrate and updates of this delta-V indicate to the
original wall and so on and so on.
Also we have another rule that we can't create more than 30 to snapshot to a virtual machine when we
create a snapshot number one.
For example you want to On-Star tree software to the important software in your virtual machine but
you need to do it with a stick once you start to remember what the software number to then do software
number three in that situation you take a snapshot to the original virtual machine.
Then you installed a application that you want the application number one.
So all those channels will be saved in a snapshot.
VM decie that Delta number one.
Then you take another snapshot to this machine.
That's me.
This churn is work perfectly.
You weren't last does change.
You need to create another snapshot.
It's great the word VM dignified.
That's galley's sig and they'll Talvi indicate then you upload the second application.
If an application were perfectly That's great.
If not you want simply book to do snapshot number one.
And in this situation you already have the application want as salad without any problem.
You don't need to back to the original VM.
And then you try to start the application and br1 and the application number two again and three down.
So when you create the stick at the one if it's work perfectly then you create a modern snapshot.
The third one then you install due to the application and so on and so on.
So in this situation you have midships snapshot all the VM.
Dicky delta-V and ticket connect to the original one.
The second one connects to the first one.
The third one connects to the second one and the second one wanted to do the first one and so on and
so on.
Then when everything is perfect you delete the snapshots.
So all the channels happen into the delta.
The key will be saved in the original VM decie and the machines are worked again and not the information
that you can't leave the snapshot file for a long time for about one month.
Come on that is true.
Delete any snapshot older than one month.
But if you create the snapshot and you start working on it this neighborhood you can use it up to one
month at about 13.
They more than 20 in this snapshot will start giving you a problem because this file will be bigger
and bigger and bigger every time you make a change in this video machine or you use that to save a file
or create or find this.
Delta-V immediately have a big size and so on and so on then you will have overloading on the space
overloading on the input output of the harddrive and so on and so on.
So it is always recommended to delete any snapshot older than 13 died and keep using the original VM
decie to work in a safe place.
This is not about how the snapshot work.
It's a simple tool you can use it in specific time when you want to make an update to the between machine
or you want to use for example as our temporary backup.
It's not our backup to the virtual machine.
This is our Bompard backup for example every week or every two week.
You create a snapshot of the machine and leave the user do his job without any problem.
If something wrong happen from the user to this virtual machine you're simply back to the preview snapshot
or to the original one.
It's not about the level of the snapshot you have for example if you create five snapshots.
Then you come back to the natural number four.
Then you come back to the snapshot number.
And so on and so on.
But this is our top story backup because any is not older than 13.
It start getting new problem or the machine will start freezing the machine that's connected to the
4 or 5 snapshot and do snapshot start consuming more size of the driver.
This virtual machine will start freezing.
So this is the idea of the snapshot see the next video in the real exam.